[feat] Adding back labs to Blueprint (#7610)
palantir/blueprint: packages/labs/src/index.md

---
reference: labs
---

@# Labs

<div>
    <h4>Under construction</h4>

The **[@blueprintjs/labs](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@blueprintjs/labs)** NPM package contains **unstable React components under active development by team members**.
It is an incubator and staging area for components as we refine the API design; as such, every minor version should be considered breaking. This has started at version 1.0.0 to signal resurrection of the package after a hiatus.

The goal for the labs package is to eventually graduate components into the core package. The criteria to evaluate promotion into core will be as follows:

- It should have a stable and well-designed API
- It should be well-tested
- It should have documentation and examples

> - It should match the code quality of the core components

Reviewer: **nit:** The word "core" here could be confused with the @blueprintjs/core package specifically. Suggest:
```suggestion
- It should match the code quality of stable packages
```

---
reference: labs
---

@# Labs

<div>

>     <h4>Under construction</h4>

Reviewer: **nit:** I think we can call this out this header a bit more explicitly with a callout (similar to other places in the docs). Also, did we mean to wrap all of the content below in the `<div>`?

```md
<div class="@ns-callout @ns-intent-warning @ns-icon-warning-sign">
    <h5 class="@ns-heading">Under construction</h5>
</div>
```

<img width="450"  alt="Screenshot 2025-10-30 at 22 24 15@2x" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/e3c3a7a5-d2db-417d-aa67-4d5dbb7c092a" />

Author: Can do! I think that means we'd need to bring in some blueprint though - are you okay with that dependency? Or would you prefer a copy/paste?
